board: add support for nrf54ls05a (#844)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf-bm: samples/peripherals/pwm/README.rst

         * - `nRF54LM20 DK`_
           - PCA10184

>            - ``bm_nrf54lm20dk/nrf54lm20a/cpuapp/s115_softdevice/mcuboot``

Author: The DK should not have been listed here in the first place and removing the board from this table I see as a bugfix not a change in the feature. Corresponding sample.yaml file did not have the DK listed.
@b-gent  Should we still add this to changelog?

>            - ``bm_nrf54lm20dk/nrf54lm20a/cpuapp/s115_softdevice/mcuboot``

Reviewer: no need to do it then

  This limits which LEDs on a given DK can be used.
  For example, on the nRF54L Series, PWM20/21/22 and GPIO Port P1 share the same domain.
  Therefore, on the nRF54L15 DK, only LEDs connected to P1 work with PWM: **LED 1** and **LED 3**.
  For the same reason the this sample is out of scope for nRF54LS05 DK, as no LEDs are connected to P1 on that DK.

>   However, the nRF54LS05 devices can use the sample but the output has to be observed in other ways.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  For the nRF54LS05 DK, no LEDs are connected to P1.
  Hence the PWM feature can not be observed with this sample without modifications.
```
